https://codepen.io/peterevilla/pen/xxxPwgP



1. What is Semantic HTML? 

	A: Is the HTML that give meaning to the web page instead of just presentation

2. What is HTML used for? 
  
	A: It gives the structure of a web page, base on text as a markup language.   

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

	A: It gives aditional information abot an element, we can put it inside the element in html or in a diferent document pointing to the html document. 
   
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

	A: h1 stands for 'header' is used to give importance to a text and we can used as many times we want h1 as the most importat and h1...n "n" as the less important.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes

	A:"a" with the href attribute and  img with a src.

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

	A: <!DOCTYPE html>
    
7. What is an id? 

	A:Is a form os CSS selector, give specifity to a element in html.
 
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
 
	A:Tags
  
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
 
	A:Just once  
 
10. What is a class? 

	A:Is another type of CSS selector give specifity to a element in html.

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
 
	A:Tags   
    
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

	A:As many times

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

	A:With the tag or element "a" with a reference to a link

14. What is the alt attribute used for? 

	A:Provides alternative information for an image

15. How do I reference an id?

	A:Using "#id" in css code.

16. What is the difference between a section and a div

	A:No difference, both are html marks with no semantic 

17. What is CSS used for? 

	A:Gives style to our html

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

	A:Just doing the reference in the css code:    h2 {"attributes"}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

	A:The diference is Specifity, id is a more specific selector than class, ex: if you wnat to change only one element, use id. You can use the same class for many elements.

20. How do we select classes in CSS?

	A:.nameOftheClass {}


21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

	A:<p class= "human"></p>              .human {}

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

	A:Selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.


23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

	A: By Inheritance, all links within div would be affected by the class sidebar

24. What is a pseudo selector?

	A: Is used to give a special state to an element 

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

	A: The attribute of line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

	A: letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

	A: text-transform

 28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	
	A:    div {

              border: 1px dotted black;
                  }


    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

	A:   * {

               }


30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

	A: using  /*  ../*

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

	A: using the command "pwd"  

 32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	
	A: Using the command "ls"

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

	A: Using "rm nameofthefile"  we  have to be careful because it will delete it completly, no trash bin.

34. Why should I use version control? 

	A: Is the best way to have calborative work flow, it keeps in a very efficient way different versions of a project, allowing records changes to a file or set of files over time so that you can recall specific versions late
35. How often should I commit to github?

	A: every time there is a change
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	
	A: git push
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

	A: Forking
	   Add colaborators
           Clone Repositories
	   Make a Branch on your Fork
           Summit Pull Request 
	   Complete
   


